Update release procedure (#476)
sematic-ai/sematic: developer-docs/README.md

- Bump the version in `wheel_version.bzl`, `sematic/versions.py`,
  and `helm/sematic-server/Chart.yaml`

> - Increment the minor version of the `version` field in

Author: it was easy to push the PR without updating the minor version of `Chart.yaml`, given that before now that happened much lower in the procedure (after the PR was likely already merged)

Python version using `sematic version` (as well as the Server and Client
version).

> At this point, you should also deploy to one of the dev environments and execute

Author: Thanks, @tscurtu 👍

> At this point, you should also deploy to one of the dev environments and execute

Reviewer: External users won't have access to out dev envs, so we should keep the wording generic.
Also, I'd like to explicitly specify deploying using the Helm charts.
```suggestion
At this point, you should also deploy to a cloud Dev environment using the Helm chart and execute
```

Author: I don't think external users should ever do a release 😆 . But sure, happy to make this change.
